hey guys welcome to lingo marina and
welcome to Topanga if you follow me on
Instagram you know that we left our
apartment in San Francisco and we're
just traveling throughout California
these days from one place to another
children place is lifted almost
everywhere my husband was able to get a
haircut and I really enjoy spending time
with my family in a place like this
we're surrounded by green trees you can
occasionally hear birds singing and it's
a perfect place for a family with a baby
and a perfect place for me to work
because my work is all remote which is
managing a company and also making
videos for you guys so today we're gonna
talk about advanced English vocabulary
and I'm gonna teach you some words that
are advanced level if you are upper
intermediate if you're intermediate this
video is for you
because you can gradually start learning
those more difficult words you know it
takes several interactions with a word
before you can actually use it first
time you hear it from my video second
time you use it in a comment down below
third time you read a magazine and you
encounter this word once again and
fourth time you start using it and then
the fifth time it's already in your
vocabulary and you are starting to sound
more and more advanced there are a
couple of things to remember about the
advanced level when you're an advanced
English language student you need to be
able to interact with people on both
formal and informal topics and when
we're talking about a formal English try
to read TechCrunch TechCrunch is my
favorite resource for startups it's not
very formal but still they use a lot of
advanced vocabulary because if you're a
journalist in English you want to use
the most beautiful words in order to
make your language more beautiful try
reading both in English try reading L in
English whatever you find interesting
all of those magazines all of those
websites are using advanced vocabulary
and the second rule that's also really
important I'm gonna give you more than
five words today but it's really
important to write them down and
practice five words a day because
otherwise you won't be able to make
those words your active vocabulary and
there is passive ogether when you just
know the word and you encounter it and
you might recognize it
there's also
vocabulary when you see the word
understand it and also use it in your
speech and writing so I want these words
to be in your active vocabulary and that
means you can't learn more than five a
day so don't rush yourself don't push
yourself you know make it a habit five
words a day it's amazing I also have a
course where we teach five words a day
you can check it out down comments below
today we're gonna talk about several
English advanced words so if you're
interested let's take some time to take
out your notebooks or iPads oh my god I
love writing with my iPad again if
you're following me on lingo marina I
was talking about that a lot that makes
me so much more productive and typing
with iPad and writing with it whatever
so just a couple of advice from student
to student because I'm studying
investment okay listen what's the
advanced vocabulary I just love to talk
guys okay advanced vocabulary in English
let's do it
word number one to confront when you are
confronting somebody you're asking them
something face to face and when you're
using the word confront it actually has
some negative meaning so for example
when we say this politician has been
confronted by a journalist that means
that a journalist was kind of angry with
this politician he was probably
mentioning something but politician
wouldn't be happy about well for example
you can confront your enemy so this
means asking something interacting
face-to-face but with this negative
attitude we will confront the
the next word is coherent coherent means
logical and strategical so for example I
really want to be big in Chinese social
media and I have a coherent strategy I'm
starting with Billy Billy first then I'm
going to Chinese tick-tock and then I'm
doing another platform but I'm doing the
step by step
it's a strategical and logical path to
becoming big on Chinese social media
coherent will be to make our
money-raising activities more coherent
logical empathy that is a feeling when
you understand somebody's feelings and
you take them into account when you're
acting so for example when people hate
you on YouTube there isn't much empathy
in their actions
there isn't much empathy on Instagram
when people are just hating each other
so whenever people are hating you there
is no empathy empathy is when you're
trying to help empathy is when you
understand that a person is doing a lot
and he's doing a lot for free and you
want to support them and you're showing
your empathy control freak with no
empathy witty and please pay attention
to the way I say this word it's written
with tea and if I taught you British
British English I would say with tea
because this is the way they say it in
American we replaced EU with an R and
the way we say this witty witty he's
really witty I have a lot of videos
about American pronunciation but I just
want you to pay attention to the worst
pronunciation the first time you
encounter it so it's witty witty means
smart with a good sense of humor for
example you met somebody at a party and
they're really witty because they are
making the smart jokes
and they're really funny you must be
witty fabricate instead of saying make
up I made this up this is not true you
can say fabricate again fabricated
evidence is something you will see in an
article about a crime or whatever that
means that this evidence was made up it
was fake it was fabricated so when you
make something up in order to protect
yourself in order to confuse somebody
you fabricate something and I hope you
don't do that we don't fabricate
anything that happens downstream
inhabitant a person or an animal who
lives in a place and occupies it so for
example we're in Topanga and it has a
lot of inhabitants we've already seen
Paris we've already seen a lot of
different birds we've seen rabbits we've
seen here so seen so many living
creatures and they are inhabitants of
Topanga
perhaps the native inhabitants can help
us to reckon is a synonym to to believe
to suppose to expect and British people
love to use it I reckon you're coming
with us which means I believe you're
coming with us
I reckon that it's gonna rain tomorrow I
think it's gonna rain tomorrow too
reckon just sounds more advanced new
you're totally free to use it when
you're talking to your friends for
example what do you reckon to rifle to
go through something in search for
something here rifle through his stuff
when he was looking for his sock rifle
can you actually show it this is rifle
rifling through things and I also wanted
to give you some phrasal verbs because
phrasal verbs I used all the time you
cannot translate them verbatim which
means you can't just understand their
meaning by translating the first and
second part you just need to learn what
they mean and the first phrasal verb is
to ask out he asked me out on a date to
ask out means to invite on a date and
you can just say he asked me out that
means you're having the first date you
are entering a romantic relationship you
called ask out Monica
to back down to withdraw from a position
there was a Board of Directors and the
CEO backed down which means that the CEO
decided to leave the board you can't
just back down instead of saying cancel
the event you can say call off the event
a lot of in-person events have been
called off in the past months because of
kovat because of shelter-in-place
but a lot of them are actually coming
back but still a lot of things that
canceled a lot of things are called off
call off the wedding to get away with
something means to not be punished for
doing something wrong my dog has eaten
my dinner and she got away with it
because I just love my dog so much they
get away with it to pass out means to
become unconscious and this phrasal verb
is widely used in the u.s. so for
example he was hanging out by the pool
in the heat for so long that he passed
out and we rushed him to the emergency
room another word you can say is faint
fainted yeah he needed to be rushed to
the emergency room be careful the summer
don't overheat don't pass out and the
last but not the least turn down to
refuse so for example somebody asks you
out remember what it means and you turn
them down because you don't want to
enter any new romantic relationships
this summer turn down the offer I hope
you guys enjoyed watching this video if
you want to learn more phrasal verbs I
have a workbook in English that has a
lot of different phrase and words that
you can use it can be downloaded by
using a link below English taught online
is the domain where you can download the
workbook it's 180 pages of content in
English and this is something you can
use every single day to learn new words
to improve your English language skills
and another thing that you can do is
watch this channel so if you're not yet
subscribed there is a red button below
hit it and like this video if you've
enjoyed this content and I'll see you
very soon in my next videos bye